I do not have time to actually document this model right now, but here is the
basic concept:

The Atmos-exec model provides an interface between the vehicles and the
atmospheres so that a vehicle can find the current state of its atmosphere
given its current state and time.

The atmosphere models typically reside with the planet (Earth); Earth has an
atmosphere so it makes sense that the Earth sim-object should house the
atmosphere models.
The exception to this rule is the GRAM model.  For various reasons - not the
least of which being a lack of time to figure out why it would be so designed -
the atmospheric state in a GRAM atmosphere depends on its previous state(s).
So if the GRAM model is shared between vehicles, the atmospheric state at
vehicleA will depend on the previous calculation, which might be the
atmospheric state at vehicleB.  Not a good start.  See
atmos_exec_gram_explained.png in this directory for a visual explanation
of this issue.

For each atmosphere model, there is an executive model that generates
the atmospheric state given the necessary inputs.  The selection of variables
to use as inputs is model-specific.  Note that this is a conceptual
relationship, not an instantiated relationship.  There will typically be
multiple instances of the executive (one per vehicle) and only one instance of
the actual atmosphere (except in the case of GRAM).
Because each vehicle needs access to the single atmosphere entity, this
executive is implemented as an interface, using references to the input state
and a reference to the atmosphere model.  Then there can be as many of
these executives as there are vehicles without duplicating atmospheres.
This model includes a selection of model-specific executives.  They are labeled
atmosphere_exec_*, e.g. atmosphere_exec_ATB.

The master atmos-exec class is intended to be a project-specific class.  It
provides the executive interfaces to all of the atmosphere models that a
particular project might want to use.
The constructor for the atmos_exec class takes references to all of the
atmosphere instances and farms them out to the constructors of the respective
atmosphere-executives.
An enumerated list provide the choice of atmosphere and wind models that the
atmos-exec class makes available.

Finally, each (atmospheric) vehicle is created with an instance of this
atmos-exec class.  Through that instance, every vehicle gets access to every
atmosphere available in the project.
It is typical, but not required, that all vehicles will use the same
atmosphere.




